what happens blacks today I bring you a new
video a new video the best serves what
better, it is not dependent on whether you want
buy the game data or not worth here
you are watching my channel and well this is
the page the trend descriptions to
dotcom digital game in which to all
subscribers makes them a promotion
special so to speak worth here I am
watching the games are pretty
down for example the killzone for
playstation 4 is at 72 euros and what
they have 34 vouchers apart from all this or
they are going to make a discount to tommy
subscribers of one euro in all that
buy if you buy two things we
they discount two euros and so I'm going to
teach us less what they have and
I explain how the promotion is done
now we go to playstation 3 games
because I guess most of you will have
playstation3 sure I'm seeing
great tourism from 70 euros to 19 the 20 gta
euros that we have seen in physical stores
and is host to 46 euros and I can still
very expensive for 20 euros and that is
pretty good
good that I can count on this page
that part of the games are
quite cheap are physical version or
they are going to give us a code and you can
download in the play store that what
they have playstation 3 games and
playstation 4 there's more here you show us
a little bit above then you put the
I see you page
but
soon I guess they will put it for xbox not
I do not know here I saw the controls that for now
They're not here
but before long they will put them to
buy them for now they are not for
see if they have stock and anyway
of opticians a discount if you want
buy something I tell them that it will come out
pretty cheap that if you buy it
in a physical store that is the good thing and
how bad the games have this is
because you can not leave it and another that
It is very very cheap and you can buy it
set waterfill 4 for 18 euros and
get you
so you do not have to wait either
send it to you now what
you put in and as soon as they see that you have
paid and such they get them or send a
code with him
to download it for in the place thor and
quickly what downloads are we going to
do for example let's buy gta yo
I know how the promotion is done
the one that I'm seeing that I have in the
cart and good here I have seen that has
appeared here up the money 40 euros
I do not know why I think I added it sometimes
for two additions finish the cart
let's see the cart you have to do
this for every time you open the
first I will remove one and coupon that
you have to put here in technical coupon
with the ring ring with this applies the
coupon
update the cart because it's a
little backpacks that I put one for
everyone
to see and see there you have it here you are
Seeing the total order discount
here it is
So, guys, if you want to buy
something cheap and I say it's going to take
how much you buy it and they see it
It takes more than 24 hours to give you a game
so do not have patience if you
you have bought and it is for all
world, you do not have to ask me
mexico participates not for the whole world
ok and good guys after you liked it and
well I hate uploading another video this is a
for was to inform you how to buy
play all and even the guys live
favorite 2 subscribe you are already a
greeting and take for ass
how 'baby gets excited